So let's have the prizes for the location that are not covered right here.
You can see we set up some ship in the United States Canada and Mexico but maybe someone is trying to
buy something and they live in other country that we don't have right here.
So this one is going to be added by the fall.
So we're going to click here on Menashe shipping methods and procure one of them are actually been met
in this case is going to be flat rate.
So it's like these in the shipping.
So let's add something like You don't need something like 25 to St..
The rest of the war of course you have to make the decision and make some research.
How much it's going to cost you to send items through rest of the work.
Well again I say that changes.
And I was going up in the checkout so you can see previously we added it here and we have there are
no shipping methods.
So what are all these and you can see we have fly the rails 25.
So now I know if you said this is from the United States you can be here and we're going to have Ratri
are shipping free shipping also fees for Mexico.
We're going to change.
You can see a flat rate of 20.
Can either 20 and maybe we have some clients for Argentina.
And you can see we have 25.
So that's something really nice.
And of course for example let's say that you don't want to sell to the rest of the war.
You can and comers sardines and from here you can select the general option.
The fear is when you consider we have locations and we have sales to all countries and you can specify
the countries where you want to sell something.
So for example to all the countries all the countries except for if you add these you have to provide
a list of the countries where you don't want to said.
And that's all set to specific countries that say that you only want to sell in the United States Mexico
or in Ghana you've got something like these.
That's something nice and you going outside the shipping location and you will have really similar menu
shit to all the countries specific countries are they serve the shipping and ship all something like
that.
Something nice.
You have these options here on the general of the sitting single combers So in the next video we're
going to see to that live live right using the USPS service.
So let's continue working in the next media.